[EDU-5525] Update CLI frameworks guides (#1340)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/build-journey/develop-with-azion/frameworks/framework-docusaurus.mdx

---
title: How to build with Docusaurus
description: >-
  Learn how to initialize and deploy an Docusaurus project on the Azion platform
  using Edge Functions, featuring guides on setting up with the Azion CLI and
  managing deployments.
permalink: /documentation/products/cli/frameworks/docusaurus/
meta_tags: >-
  Docusaurus, Edge Functions, Azion platform, Jamstack, static site generator, Edge
  Application, project deployment, Azion CLI, local development server, Edge
  Computing
namespace: docs_framework_docusaurus
menu_namespace: cliMenuAlpha
---

import Tag from 'primevue/tag';

<Tag severity="info" client:only="vue">
  Static application
</Tag>

> Docusaurus is a static-site generator, building a single-page application with fast client-side navigation and relying on React to make the site interactive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docusaurus is a static-site generator that builds a **single-page application** with fast client-side navigation and relies on React to make the site interactive.
```
